1. Basic Network Scanner

Create a simple script to scan a range of IP addresses and check which ones are active.

Task:

    Accept a range of IP addresses.
    Ping each IP address in the range.
    Print out which IPs are active.

Hint: Use the os module to run system ping commands.



2. Simple Port Scanner

Write a script that can scan for open ports on a given host.

Task:

    Accept a hostname or IP address.
    Scan a range of ports on the host.
    Print out which ports are open.

Hint: Use the socket module to attempt to connect to each port.



3. Basic Web Server

Create a simple web server that can serve HTML files.

Task:

    Accept incoming HTTP requests.
    Respond with the contents of an HTML file.
    Handle basic GET requests.

Hint: Use the http.server module.



4. Banner Grabbing Script

Write a script to perform banner grabbing to get information from a service running on an open port.

Task:

    Connect to a specified port on a target IP.
    Send a request to get the banner.
    Print the banner information.

Hint: Use the socket module and remember to set a timeout.



5. Basic Packet Sniffer

Create a packet sniffer to capture and display network packets.

Task:

    Capture packets on a network interface.
    Display the contents of each packet in a readable format.

Hint: Use the scapy library for packet manipulation and sniffing.



6. Simple Keylogger

Write a basic keylogger that captures keystrokes and writes them to a file.

Task:

    Capture keystrokes from the keyboard.
    Write the captured keystrokes to a log file.

Hint: Use the pynput library to capture keystrokes.



7. Basic Brute Force Attack Script

Create a script to perform a basic brute force attack on an SSH server.

Task:

    Attempt to login to an SSH server using a list of usernames and passwords.
    Print out the correct username and password if found.

Hint: Use the paramiko library for SSH connections.



8. Simple File Encryption/Decryption

Write a script to encrypt and decrypt files using a password.

Task:

    Encrypt a file with a given password.
    Decrypt the file back to its original form using the same password.

Hint: Use the cryptography library for encryption and decryption.



9. Basic DoS Attack Script

Create a simple script to perform a Denial of Service (DoS) attack by sending a flood of requests to a server.

Task:

    Send a large number of requests to a target server.
    Measure and print the impact on the server.

Hint: Use the socket module and ensure you understand the legal implications and permissions before running such a script.



10. Simple Proxy Server

Write a basic proxy server that can forward HTTP requests and responses between a client and a server.

Task:

    Accept incoming HTTP requests from a client.
    Forward the requests to the target server.
    Send the server's response back to the client.

Hint: Combine socket and threading modules.



11. DNS Query Script

    Task:

	Perform a DNS query for a given domain name.
        Print out the resolved IP addresses.
        
Hint: Use the socket module to perform DNS queries.



12. ARP Spoofing Script

    Task:
    
        Create a script to perform ARP spoofing on a local network.
        Print out the details of intercepted packets.
        
Hint: Use the scapy library for ARP packet manipulation.



13. Basic Password Cracker

    Task:
    
        Create a script to perform a dictionary attack on hashed passwords.
        Print out the cracked passwords.

Hint: Use the hashlib library to compare hash values.



14. Simple HTTPS Server

    Task:
    
        Set up a basic HTTPS server to serve encrypted web pages.
        Handle basic GET and POST requests.
    
Hint: Use the http.server and ssl modules.



15. Network Packet Analyzer

    Task:
     
     	Capture network packets and analyze the protocol and payload.
        Print a summary of each captured packet.
    
Hint: Use the scapy library.



16. Port Knocking Script

    Task:
        
        Create a script to perform port knocking to open a port on a server.
        Print out the status of the port before and after knocking.
    
Hint: Use the socket module for sending packets.



17. Basic Intrusion Detection System (IDS)

    Task:
        
        Develop a basic IDS that monitors network traffic for suspicious activity.
        Print alerts when suspicious packets are detected.

Hint: Use the scapy library for packet analysis.



18. Simple SSH Honeypot

    Task:
        
        Set up a fake SSH server to log login attempts.
        Print out the details of each login attempt.

Hint: Use the paramiko library to create the SSH server.



19. Custom Firewall Script

    Task:

	Create a script to filter and block specific types of network traffic.
        Print out the details of blocked packets.
    
Hint: Use the scapy library for packet manipulation.



20. Basic Web Scraper

    Task:
        
        Develop a web scraper to collect and analyze data from web pages.
        Print out the collected data in a readable format.
    
Hint: Use the requests and beautifulsoup4 libraries.



21. Simple Email Spoofing Script

    Task:
        
        Create a script to send spoofed emails.
        Print out the status of each sent email.
    
Hint: Use the smtplib and email modules.



22. Basic WiFi Scanner

    Task:
        
        Create a script to scan for nearby WiFi networks.
        Print out the details of each detected network.
    
Hint: Use the scapy library for wireless packet sniffing.



23. Simple Key Exchange Script

    Task:
        
        Develop a script to perform a basic key exchange between two parties.
        Print out the exchanged keys.
    
Hint: Use the cryptography library for key generation and exchange.



24. Basic File Integrity Checker

    Task:
        
        Create a script to check the integrity of files using hash values.
        Print out the status of each checked file.
    
Hint: Use the hashlib library for generating hash values.



25. Simple VPN Script

    Task:
        
        Develop a basic VPN script to encrypt and tunnel network traffic.
        Print out the status of the VPN connection.
    
Hint: Use the socket and ssl modules for encryption and tunneling.



26. Basic SQL Injection Tester

    Task:
        
        Create a script to test a web application for SQL injection vulnerabilities.
        Print out the results of each test.
    
Hint: Use the requests library to send HTTP requests.



27. Simple Data Exfiltration Script

    Task:
        
        Develop a script to exfiltrate data over a covert channel.
        Print out the status of each exfiltrated data chunk.
    
Hint: Use the socket module for network communication.



28. Basic Bluetooth Scanner

    Task:
        
        Create a script to scan for nearby Bluetooth devices.
        Print out the details of each detected device.
    
Hint: Use the bluetooth library.



29. Simple Remote Command Execution Script

    Task:
        
        Develop a script to remotely execute commands on a target machine.
        Print out the output of each executed command.

Hint: Use the paramiko library for SSH connections.



30. Basic Ransomware Script

    Task:
        
        Create a script to encrypt files and display a ransom message.
        Provide a way to decrypt the files using a key.
    
Hint: Use the cryptography library for encryption and decryption.
